Thursday I was leaving from work. For some reason I wanted to sit in the train while doing nothing else but be in the moment and just sit I made it my objective to let everything go, let everything be and let everything do what it wants to do and just sit and see what happens. I was kind of pretending that I was dead and all I could do is sit there like a lifeless body and observe everything that's going on. What I noticed was after a while things started to feel lighter I did not have to engage in thoughts and hours having, if I had thought about something that I needed to look up, I could just let it go and not engage and not look up things. After making a transfer to another drain, I also noticed it was easier to endure things. Personally, I have flat feet which makes standing for longer periods of time difficult and painful. This usually results in me sitting or leaning against something to alleviate the pain. What I noticed was I did not need to immediately lean against something that I could just stand and be okay with the fact that it was taxing to stand there for a longer period of time. I also started noticing I could do things without being distracted by insecure or anxious thoughts For example, I started looking things up on my phone and I did not have to worry about the people around me because of my social anxiety. Later on, when I exited the train and arrived at my destination, I visited a shop. I need it to buy some things and was less nervous than usual. When it became my turn to pay, the cashier asked me if I wanted to become a member. Instead of saying no, I asked her what it meant and how it worked. I did not care about using her time or wasting other people's time. The cashier wanted to switch to English, so I did. After having paid for my products, I complimented her on her accent in Dutch This was quite out of character for me to do. Usually I would let it go, not compliment her, out of fear of it being appropriate to do so. This time, however, I was able to choose to express what I truly felt,  be authentic and the real me. In conclusion, the experience has taught me that it made my day lighter, I didn't need to respond to thoughts or urges and I was better able to choose in the moment what I truly wanted to do. 